All: Fix voice dictation mention in research.md (#11884)
laurent22/joplin: readme/apps/use_cases/research.md

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laurent22/joplin/dev/Assets/WebsiteAssets/images/use_cases/research/search.png"  max-width="500px" />

## 3\. Add a variety of resources to your research

> Add visual aids to your notes such as photos, documents or even hand-written notes or drawings. You may also take photos of interesting articles or inspirational materials and store them in Joplin notes. You can also use the speech-to-text feature to dictate notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add visual aids to your notes such as photos, documents or even hand-written notes or drawings. You may also take photos of interesting articles or inspirational materials and store them in Joplin notes. You can also use the Voice Typing feature to dictate notes.
```

(We call this "Voice Typing" in the app)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laurent22/joplin/dev/Assets/WebsiteAssets/images/use_cases/research/share.png"  max-width="500px" />

> Tip: Group related ideas together using tags or colour themes. This will help you identify patterns and themes, and can also help in structuring the project or research.

Reviewer: Please remove this white space change
